README.md, before:

# Ansible Collection - hdub_tech.infrastructure

A collection of things I commonly use with infrastructure.

> [!WARNING]
> MASSIVE WIP! First collection, just playing around.

## Usage

1. Add this collection to your project by adding it to YOUR project's `ansible-requirements.yml`:

   ```yaml
   collections:
     - name: git@github.com:hdub-tech/ansible-collection-infrastructure.git
       type: git
       version: 1.0.0
    ```

2. Install the `hdub_tech.infrastructure` collection:

   ```bash
   # From YOUR project / venv
   ansible-galaxy install -r ansible-requirements.yml
   ```

3. Install the `hdub_tech.infrastructure` collection's roles dependencies
   (_NOTE: This is necessary because Ansible does not support installing a
   collection's roles when the collection itself is installed.
   See [ansible#76030]_)

   ```bash
   # From YOUR project / venv, if your collections_path is in your project directory:
   ansible-galaxy install -r collections/ansible_collections/hdub_tech/infrastructure/ansible-requirements.yml
   ```

   ```bash
   # If it is elsewhere, like ~/.ansible/collections enter that path in lieu of $ANSIBLE_COLLECTIONS_PATH
   ansible-galaxy install -r $ANSIBLE_COLLECTIONS_PATH/collections/ansible_collections/hdub_tech/infrastructure/ansible-requirements.yml
   ```

4. Use a collection playbook by providing the entire `namespace.collectionname.playbookname`:

   a. To execute directly:

      ```bash
      ansible-playbook hdub_tech.infrastructure.configure_swap.yml
      ```

   b. To use in another playbook:

      ```yaml
      - ansible.builtin.import_playbook: hdub_tech.infrastructure.configure_swap.yml
      ```

<!-- Links -->
[ansible#76030]: https://github.com/ansible/ansible/issues/76030#issuecomment-942520399

Commit message:

docs: Add configure_swap.yml to README

README.md, after:

# Ansible Collection - hdub_tech.infrastructure

A collection of things I commonly use with infrastructure.

> [!WARNING]
> MASSIVE WIP! First collection, just playing around. This is not published to Galaxy.

## Table of Contents

- [What's in the box](#whats-in-the-box)
  - [Playbooks](#playbooks)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)

## What's in the box

> [!NOTE]
> Again, reminder that I'm just collecting things I use in a generic fashion so
> that I can use them again in the future. I know it looks strange other wise.

### Playbooks

| Playbook | Description | Variables |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [hdub_tech.infrastructure.configure_swap.yml] | Uses [geerlingguy.swap role] to enable or disable swap on a linux host | Refer to [geerlingguy.swap#role-variables] |

## Getting Started

1. Add this collection to your project by adding it to YOUR project's `ansible-requirements.yml`:

   ```yaml
   collections:
     - name: git@github.com:hdub-tech/ansible-collection-infrastructure.git
       type: git
       version: 1.0.0
    ```

2. Install the `hdub_tech.infrastructure` collection:

   ```bash
   # From YOUR project / venv
   ansible-galaxy install -r ansible-requirements.yml
   ```

3. Install the `hdub_tech.infrastructure` collection's roles dependencies
   (_NOTE: This is necessary because Ansible does not support installing a
   collection's roles when the collection itself is installed.
   See [ansible#76030]_)

   ```bash
   # From YOUR project / venv, if your collections_path is in your project directory:
   ansible-galaxy install -r collections/ansible_collections/hdub_tech/infrastructure/ansible-requirements.yml
   ```

   ```bash
   # If it is elsewhere, like ~/.ansible/collections enter that path in lieu of $ANSIBLE_COLLECTIONS_PATH
   ansible-galaxy install -r $ANSIBLE_COLLECTIONS_PATH/collections/ansible_collections/hdub_tech/infrastructure/ansible-requirements.yml
   ```

4. Use a collection playbook by providing the entire `namespace.collectionname.playbookname`:

   a. To execute directly:

      ```bash
      ansible-playbook hdub_tech.infrastructure.configure_swap.yml
      ```

   b. To use in another playbook:

      ```yaml
      - ansible.builtin.import_playbook: hdub_tech.infrastructure.configure_swap.yml
      ```

<!-- Links -->
[hdub_tech.infrastructure.configure_swap.yml]: playbooks/configure_swap.yml
[ansible#76030]:         https://github.com/ansible/ansible/issues/76030#issuecomment-942520399
[geerlingguy.swap role]: https://github.com/geerlingguy/ansible-role-swap
[geerlingguy.swap#role-variables]: https://github.com/geerlingguy/ansible-role-swap/tree/master?tab=readme-ov-file#role-variables
